---
title: "Dec_29_2024"
date: 2024-12-29T19:08:56-05:00
draft: false
---

# Start a blog

I've been nudged by Launch School's Core Curriculum to start a blog. The blog should be used to track frequently-Googled information or else just report on cool stuff what I've found out in my travels. I thought: my god. I've already got one. Let's dust off this old jalopy.

# Launch School?

I've spent the latter half of 2024 in Launch School's prep course and Core Curriculum. I'm in the Python track. Optimistically, I'll be done with the Core Curriculum by early 2026.

At that time, I'll have a comprehensive education in software engineering. I can choose to move on to a Captsone program, or stop here.

I'm on the second course in the Python Backend section, PY110. I've got about a hundred exercises to finish, then it's on to the PY119 written and then oral exams. It's been great so far.

# What else is new

Reflecting on the past year, I realize so much of it has been spent in this course that I don't have a lot of other big memories. What I do have includes Thanksgiving in Moab, Utah and a trip to French Canada in the summer. I also moved into a new place with my fianceé. It has a balcony.

In the coming year, I'm hoping to be able to regularly commit twenty hours a week to Launch School. I've just nearly cracked that for this week, which I had off but was also sick throughout & had family obligations during.

Hosting a New Year's party this week, so I'll largely be caught up with that. But week two 2025 will be my first test.
