---
title: "Cindy Lee"
date: 2025-03-26T21:39:13-04:00
draft: false
---

Listening to Cindy Lee's *Diamond Jubilee* again, as it's about that time when the light is blear and highly angled through the day and it's still cold and the lack of foliage yet makes it necessary to draw a little emotional lushness from the music one listens to.

Well. I'm actually listening to this album again because a refrain in an episode of Portlandia played for winking high-drama sounded to my ears exactly like the chords that start "Government Cheque." And that got me to singing it around the house.

The guitars and organ complementing the verses in a song like "Flesh and Blood" are dusty like the kind of dust in an automotive garage, and the bass revs along unfailingly. Filtering or compression or something on a left-panned drum kit piped in around the four minute mark, along with a long meandering solo, evoke, incredibly, this same sense of place.

The album is really nothing short of magical. Some selected Bandcamp reviews that touched me:

-  *Diamond Jubilee is the radio station that plays in my dreams when I take my date to make out point. Amazing Favorite track: Crime Of Passion.*
-  *this album is perfect for every season and is raw in the same way roadtrips are. makes me feel nostalgic for the present and grateful to have loved.*
- *I thought this album was good but didn’t get the hype. Then one night I had a dream where I saw Cindy Lee perform these songs live and they got to me in a way that was emotionally powerful. I woke up crying and listened to it two, three times in a row. I think it fixed something in me I didn’t know was broken. Thank you Cindy Lee. Favorite track: Olive Drab.*
- *Perfectly fitting band for enjoying a drink or two at The Roadhouse.*

This is as good an album as any to break the seal of "real music" and get me off my wintertime drone and ambient hibernation.
